Hyakuman nin no tame ni
utawareta love song nanka ni
Boku wa kantan ni omoi wo
kasanetari wa shinai
Koi seyo to semeru
kono machi no kihon kouzou wa
Easy love! Easy come! Easy go!
Souzou shiteita yori mo
zutto mirai wa genjitsuteki dane
Kuruma mo shibaraku
sora wo hashiru yotei mo nasasousa
Soshite kyou mo
chikatetsu ni nori
Mukuchi na tanin to
machi ni okizari ne
Dakara lonely, lonely, setsunakute
kowaresouna yoru ni sae
Lonely, lonely, kimidake wa
original love wo tsuranuite
Lonely, lonely, aitakute
kogoesouna mainichi ni
Kotoba ni dekinai koto wa
murini shinai kotoni shita
Ano hito dake kokoro no seikantai
Wasuretai ne
Love me, love me,
tsuyoku yowai kokoro
Kiss me, kiss me,
aseru hitorino yoru
Strange rumor, you said?
At the kiosk, I heard...
... that recently teacher "S"
seems weird or something...
I'm wondering
who teacher "S" is...
Is the teacher "S"...
... me? Sakurada?
By the way, Sakurada-sensei...
About the collection
of money for the school trip...
... why did you change the
collection method to cash this year?
The reason is that the company
in charge asked us to do it....
Oh, well...
Excuse me! I've had problems
with my stomach, head and heart...
They're all bad...!
I'd like to take
a medical leave for a while!
Everyone.
Be quiet! Calm down!
Now we'd like to take your votes...
... on whether
we should fire Onizuka-sensei.
Before that,
explain the situation, Baldy!
That's right!
We have the right to know!
Don't give us
a vague answer, Baldy!
Hey, you guys! Be quiet!
- Don't throw anything!
- Shut up, PE teacher!
We're just saying
he should tell the truth!
That's right! Back off!
Leave me alone!
You're treating me like a criminal!
You set up our teacher
because you wanted the money.
You're the same as a criminal.
I was just asked to do it by Miyabi.
Shut up!
Don't make any excuses.
If you testify,
Onizuka can stay at the school.
Shut up and come with us!
What are you guys doing?
Onizuka...
Fujiyoshi was safe.
Good. I'm so glad.
Where were you?!
While you were gone,
it's been a mess at school!
Look at this!
These letters say
you're charged with embezzlement!
Miyabi set up all of them.
She stole
the money from Fujiyoshi...
...and put it in your clothes.
She gathered students...
...from other schools
and made up the bar.
I knew that.
What?!
What is it?!
Without make-up,
you look much better.
It isn't time to be easy!
We troubled you. Sorry.
Please go home now. All right?
What? Don't mess with me!
What's going on at this school?!
Hey, Onizuka.
What are you thinking?
She's an important witness.
Don't say such a stupid thing.
When the witness says...
... I was set up
by a young female amateur...
... I'll be too ashamed
of myself to walk outside.
But if you didn't do anything...!
Just watch me.
I'll show you how I finish my work.
Finish your work?
You're going to the gym?!
It isn't a good idea
to enter there now!
Don't you understand
I'm saying "Be quiet"?!
Hey, Baldy!
If you don't explain it to us,
we won't pay our tuition!
Don't call me Baldy!
Now then, we'll take your votes.
Raise your hands
if you agree to fire Onizuka.
Onizuka!
Onizuka...
Fujiyoshi is safe.
Don't worry about him.
Why did you come here?
You are a criminal!
How could you come here
without shame?!
Hey, are you listening to me?!
Why is your attitude so arrogant?
Put down your arms! Hey!
What?!
Hi, everyone.
I'm Onizuka,
charged with embezzlement.
Greetings!
What?! Did he really do it?
I can't believe it!
I really did it.
I'm Onizuka,
responsible for embezzlement.
- Why are you proud of it?!
- You're an arrogant thief!
That idiot...
Shut up!
You'll be happy if I return it, right?!
I'll return the money
down to the penny!
If I do that
you won't complain, will you?!
If that's all, we don't need police!
Go away, you con man!
Then I'll give you
an extra 10, 000 yen with cash!
How about that?!
Isn't it great?!
That's not enough!
Don't bribe your students!
You evil teacher!
I can't believe this!
How dare you bribe the students?!
Shut up!
All right! I got it!
You've said this much,
I've made my decision!
Listen, third-year students!
Clean your ears...
... and listen to me carefully!
I won't talk
about this little school trip!
Instead of the trip
to Mt. Yatsugatake...
... I'll take all of you
to the blue ocean...
...full of kiwi, papaya and mango!
I'll take you to Okinawa!
Three nights and four days
at a luxurious hotel!
"Poisonous snakes
and mongoose show!" is included!
It's a deluxe plan!
Outrageous service plan!
He said Okinawa!
Take us there!
Count on me!
If you don't take us,
we'll get you fired!
All right. Go ahead!
Bring the Ministry of Education
or whoever you like!
What is he talking about?
All the third-year students
to Okinawa?
Considering
40 students in one class...
... it'll cost about eight million yen.
Eight million?!
It's impossible.
He can't even afford
his own cigarettes.
There is no way
he has that much money.
- Do you want to see the blue ocean?!
- Yeah!!!
Amazing...
The students were accusing
Onizuka-sensei so fiercely.
But he has drawn them to him
in a blink of an eye.
As usual, he's amazing.
Rather than drawing in the students,
he used bait for them.
It is an unforgivable method
for a teacher.
It's interesting.
Let him do it.
Onizuka-sensei, I'll be watching...
...your ability as a teacher,
no, as a human being...
Well, what kind of performance
are you showing me this time...?
What are you going to do?!
You were showing off.
Eight million yen!
There is no way
you can make that much money.
Idiot!
Do you think I'm stupid enough
to promise something like that...
...without having any plan?
What?!
I have something I'm counting on.
I have a winning lottery ticket
for ten million yen...
I got it from my friend as collateral.
No way!
Here!
Isn't it great? I lent my friend,
who is a police officer, 100,000 yen.
In exchange,
I got this as collateral from him.
I feel sorry for him.
But I guess I have to use it.
Is this really a winning ticket?
Of course!
Do I look like a monkey
who can't tell if this is fake?
Here it is! Look at this!
Here is a copy of the newspaper.
This can't be a fake ticket.
All right! Let's cash this
and maybe have a good meal!
Teacher, this is a fake.
What?
This number is hand-written.
What?! There's no way!
You're right!
The number 7 is bigger!
It's wise to change the newspaper...
...instead of the lottery ticket.
Even a monkey can figure it out.
It is a winning ticket, though.
Really?!
Just for 100 yen.
Saejima!
He took advantage of my innocence!
I've made the estimate report.
What?
Onizuka-sensei, you're great...
...to take all the third-years
to Okinawa with your personal funds.
Oh, principal, as a matter of fact...
Here is the estimate.
8,230,025 yen.
We can't change
our plans anymore.
Please pay it within a week.
A week?
That's right.
I don't care...
... if you have to go
tuna fishing to do it.
Just get the money.
You may look good
as a man of the sea.
Don't convince me like that!
Hey! Where are you going?!
KIUI PAPAIYA MANGUUSU
(KIWI PAPAYA MONGOOSE)
Hello. Oh, Chikako?
Did Onizuka say that?
I guess that idiot panicked...
...and dug his own grave.
I see. Just in case,
I acted sick and took today off...
...I guess I didn't need to do that.
All right.
I'm going tomorrow. See you.
Attempted suicide?
Yes.
Our bank used to finance
a small factory called Hiramatsu Metal.
But our bank was
in bad condition like everyone else.
So we stopped financing it.
The president tried to jump
in front of the car right then.
Oh...!
I'm the director,
but I can't do anything.
Everything is determined
at the upper level.
Do you have
to go on a business trip...
...to the countryside
in the middle of all this?
I leave tomorrow.
I was pretty mad,
and I took paid time off today.
Is that so...?
Oh, Miyabi-chan.
How about school today?
I have a summer cold,
and I took a day off.
Really.
This was a rare day off...
...so I was thinking
of going out for dinner.
What?! I want to go!
No, you have a cold.
Shoot! No fun.
Hello!
It's me, Saejima, the producer!
What?
You want me come to the store?
Well, I've been busy these days.
Location hunting
and others things...
What? Autograph?
Sure. I can get it for you!
Before that, let's do it once...
I mean, let's go out on a date...
Hey, Saejima.
Hey, Eikichi! What's up?!
What's up??
You gave me a fake lottery ticket!
Do you want your head to be split?
Wait! Calm down!
It was a winning ticket.
Just the winning amount
was different.
I didn't say
that it won ten million yen.
That's fraud.
Are you going...
...to open up your head?
It would be like a red flower!
Let's negotiate.
I'll give you an alternative.
Alternative?
I'll give this to you.
So sell it secretly.
If you sell it all,
it'll be way over 100 million yen.
This is just regular flour.
You! Saejima!
You're trying to deceive me again!
I can't forgive you now!
I'll kill you and myself!
Take him out quickly!
Onizuka! What are you thinking?!
Leave me alone! Let me die!
Eikichi!
You can challenge me anytime!
Shit! I'll kill him and myself!
Stop it!
If you consider even death,
you can manage anything.
Consider death...
Don't kill yourself!
I have to do it!
I really need eight million yen!
I need to get hit for compensation!
But why do you need to jump
onto the metropolitan highway?
The more badly I get messed up,
the more money I can get!
What are you doing?
If I can't get hit by a car,
I have to go with counterfeiting.
Look at this.
Doesn't it look good?
What could be better than this...?
With such an obvious counterfeit...
...you can't deceive
even a grandma at a candy shop.
That isn't true!
Look at this masterpiece.
Why does Yukichi Fukuzawa
have a regent hair style?
That's my style...
This isn't the character for one
on a 10,000 yen bill.
Then what should I do?!
I have an idea!
How about digging
in Inogashira Park...
...to look for hot springs?
You can't find a hot spring
in Inogashira Park.
All right!
No other way! I'm a man!
I'm going to use my last weapon!
Sell my internal organs.
Don't joke!
I hear the length of the intestine
is about ten meters.
If I sell it one million per meter...
It isn't a speaker cord!
How can you sell
your intestines by the meter?
Then what do you want me to do?!
That's the only way...
What?! Do you have an idea?
Getting on the tuna boat.
You! I'll kill you!
Calm down!
Making eight million yen
in a week is impossible!
Impossible or not, I have to do it!
All right.
We have to use an illegal method.
What?
PACHINKO
How is it, teacher?
How is it? Great, great!
Can you see these treasure boxes?
You're great, Kikuchi-chan!
Hide a strong magnet in the wig...
...and lead the balls.
You're a genius! Really!
Idiot! You're too loud!
Great power of the magnet!
Young man,
what about the magnet?
Do you want us to flip you a little?
Withdraw!
Return the balls!
Expected three-year-old
Great Goblin didn't win!
No. 6, No. 3! Then No. 4 is coming!
This is a surprise!
I just saw teacher.
He looked like a ghost.
Shit! Even if he got an extra job...
...there is no way
to make eight million in five days.
Then he will really get fired...?
Don't say that.
As long as he hasn't given up,
we can't give up.
But...
Hello!
How's it going? Making money?
You!
Oh, excuse me!
The great teacher
Onizuka wouldn't say that...
...without having enough money.
And with so many
smart people helping...
...I'm sure
something will work out. Right?
Aizawa...!
Don't give that scary look.
We were friends as members
of Class 2-4 until just recently.
Oh, well. Hang in there.
Hey, Aizawa! Wait!
You!
Really, you're a stupid guy.
It isn't your fault this happened.
But you do this anyway.
Uehara...
Why can't you just say it's Miyabi?
Are you wearing
Hello Kitty underwear?
What?! Listen to me seriously!
Teacher...
Yoshikawa...
Here is 60,000 yen.
I made this by selling
all my game software.
I thought it might help a little.
And use this account, too.
Three million yen is in there.
Three, three, three million...?
Don't worry about it.
My parents saved it for me
in my account.
I don't need it for a while.
Are you stupid?!
It's your parents' money!
If you give it to him,
he'll never return it!
Do you understand?
Oh, how irritating!
This is why I want to bully you!
That's all right.
I just want him to stay
at school even a little bit longer...
Because of him, I'm becoming...
All right! There is one way...!
I think you can cash
at least one million yen.
I'll report
a stolen cash card in one hour.
So take the money by then.
Uehara...
Hey! Why don't you go now?!
Put these away!
Please put these away!
Quick!
Otherwise, I may really use them!
What are you talking about?!
Within several hours,
you'll have only four days left!
It's impossible for you
to make eight million yen!
That's right, teacher.
Please use it!
Idiot. How can a teacher
borrow money from his students?
Don't worry about it.
I'm a man!
I'm the man among men!
The man may not have money...
... but he has
a great treasure called best friend.
Best friend?
Yeah. We went through
life and death together.
When my life is in danger...
... he'll come to help me...
...at the risk of his own life.
If he finds out
my situation, he'll definitely...
Eight million yen?
Of course not! Idiot!
They may put me
on the tuna boat!
Aren't we best friends?
A tuna boat? Sounds good.
Why don't you go
to the Indian Ocean?
And make another 870,000
which I lent you.
What happened
to the legendary Onibaku Pair?
I forgot.
You! Ryuji!
What? What's this?!
Are you going to put off
our strong friendship...
...with the raffle ticket, sponsored
by the neighborhood stores?
Yep. I am putting it off...
Oh, I'm busy, busy.
You!
I'm home.
Welcome back.
Your friend is here.
Hello...
Subete no hito wo aiseru wake ja
nainara semete aisuru hito wo
Uragi razu ni utagawazu ni
semetari nikundari shinai de
Mujaki de irukoto ga
hito wo kizutsukete shimau no?
Shizuka na jounetsu ga
hitomi no oku de sawagi dasu...
Anata ni meguri aete
Hateshinai toki no naka de
jibun ni nani ga dekiru
Ima wa mada chiisaku temo
kagayaki keseya shinai yo
Kobore souna namida no tsubu
nagasazu mune ni tamete
Isshun wo tsuyoku iki yo
ichizu na shizuku ni natte
NEXT EPISODE
Of course, this is revenge.
You're still a kid.
RAFFLE TICKET
Drawing?
SPECIAL PRIZE
Look!
Extremely, super-duper,
ultra, miraculous, lucky man...
...Eikichi Onizuka.
22 years old. Greetings!
SEE YA NEXT TIME